At first I was facing a lot of errors and couldn't deal with it! It took almost 2 hrs to get the correct output man!
Lets discuss the error now.
⚠️ Why !pip install pandas-profiling failed in Colab
It tries to install old packages like:

visions==0.7.4

pandas<2.0

numba, etc.

These are no longer compatible with current versions of:

pandas in Colab (2.2.2+)

numpy, scipy, etc.

Also, Colab and Anaconda use pre-installed packages, so version conflicts are harder to resolve with deprecated libraries.

📝 When to use what:
Situation	Use
Fresh project, modern environment	✅ ydata-profiling
Old code, archived projects	(maybe) pandas-profiling with virtualenv
For long-term use / projects	✅ Always prefer ydata-profiling

✅ Recommendation for Notes:
🔁 "pandas-profiling is now renamed to ydata-profiling. The old library (pandas-profiling) is deprecated and not compatible with latest pandas and numpy. Always install ydata-profiling for profiling tasks in modern Python environments."

🧠 Why ydata-profiling was showing errors in Colab earlier:
⚠️ The Problem:
You were using the latest versions of:

pandas (e.g., 2.2.2 or 2.3.0 in Colab by default)

ydata-profiling (latest)

But those versions are not fully compatible with each other.

❌ Error Messages You Saw:
OptionError: No such keys(s): 'future.no_silent_downcasting'

TypeError: infer_objects() got an unexpected keyword argument 'copy'

These came from internal lines in the profiling library that were using options or arguments that:

Were removed in pandas >= 2.0

Only existed in pandas <= 1.5.3

🔧 The Root Cause:
The profiling library was expecting:

nginx
Copy
Edit
pandas < 2.0
But Colab had:

ini
Copy
Edit
pandas == 2.2.2 (default)
Also, numpy was newer than what was tested with profiling, leading to silent errors.

✅ Final Fix (Summary):
We downgraded packages to compatible versions:

Package	Version Installed
pandas	1.5.3 ✅
numpy	1.23.5 ✅
ydata-profiling	4.1.2 ✅

These versions are stable, tested, and fully compatible.

📌 Note:
Always check the package compatibility matrix when using libraries like ydata-profiling, seaborn, pandas-profiling, etc., especially if they rely on internal features of other packages.
